{\rtf1\mac\ansicpg10000\cocoartf102
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset77 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset77 Helvetica-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12040\viewh15840\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs48 \cf0 \shad\shadx20\shady-60\shadr0\shado85 \shadc0 Synergy: The Missing GUI. \

\fs24 \shad0 \
By Lorenz Schori (lo@znerol.ch)\
And Bertrand Landry-H\'8etu (bertrand@landryhetu.com)\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803

\f1\b \cf0 From the Synergy ReadMe: \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\ql\qnatural

\f0\b0 \cf0 \
"Synergy lets you easily share a single mouse and keyboard between multiple computers with different operating systems, each with its own display, without special hardware."\
\

\f1\b The Missing GUI...\
\

\f0\b0 Synergy is a great tool, but it is still missing a GUI that would make it a real Mac application. So we started this project to fill that void. Our goal is to integrate at some point with the project on Sourceforge (http://synergy2.sourceforge.net). \
\

\f1\b To Install\

\f0\b0 \
Double Click on the preference pane. You don't need to install anything else. \
\

\f1\b Requirements\

\f0\b0 \
MacOS 10.2. (but we only tested 10.3 so chances are it does not work, but by the time we release it should work). \
\

\f1\b Features\

\f0\b0 \
- Configuring Synergy client or server in a GUI\
\
- Autostarting Synergy on login\
\
- Handling multiple users and reconnecting after sleeps\
\
- Handling multiple Synergy configurations/Locations \
  (Like the MacOS X network locations)\
\
- Automatic detection of locations using RendezVous/Bonjour networking\
  (only works with mac clients & servers for now)\
  \
- MenuBar item with the Synergy status & locations for quick access. \
\

\f1\b Changes\

\f0\b0 \
Version 1.0 Beta 1.\
\
This is the first "public" release. \
The features are all complete but still need some testing. \
\
\
The Preference Pane is open source and released under the BSD License.}